Hi aunt, stop kidding
With your mouth, I can't hide a barrister
Oops, your lawyer's mouth is your mouth.
The mouths of our ordinary people are nothing, are they?
Do you bully people like that?
I'm telling you I'm not done with this
Hey what are you doing
You want my cousin to come out for me?
You want your cousin to come out, your lawyers are so bullying
I'm not done with you, am I?
Why are you staring at me like that?
What does it have to do with me? I'm just asking casually
What are you guilty of?
Hey, don't make up nonsense
What happened to this person, I, the director, am responsible
It was only me and Bai Xiaotong who received Liu Ying that day
Bai Xiaotong won't say
Only Director Guy won
You can't ask your client what's going on
My client is strict
Not necessarily wrong
One more person
Director Zhang Berangai
Where did this guy come from?
Graduated from Southwest University of Political Science and Law
Why are you suspecting people again?
Have you felt anything wrong recently?
This guy is weird.
There is something wrong with this person